what's going on YouTube zap here and i'm
back with another gameplay commentary
for Gears of War and today myself phase
Prime and woolly are playing alpha
execution on the map trenches alpha
execution was probably the competitive
playlist quote-unquote competitive
playlist that a lot of people were
begging and pleading for but they didn't
really support it so it kind of just
died out to be perfectly honest with you
if more of the players supported the
outfit playlist then myself and my
friends would have probably kept playing
gears of war 3 for longer than we did
but unfortunately it wasn't really it
wasn't really in the car it's forest you
know people would rather play TDM and
regular king of the hill then play the
Alpha playlist which is more balanced
and more competitive so it is what it is
so whatever moving on I want to talk to
you guys about my place when the gears
of war archives you know because I get a
lot of mixed reactions right I get a lot
of mixed reactions from people some
people hear my name in oh like is Zappa
is that fucking YouTube's grabs like it
he sucks like I don't even know why
people watch him I don't even know how
he had so many subscribers I don't know
how he had so many views back in the day
but he was terrible you got some people
who are like King Zappa like oh shit but
I remember is that but I used to watch
his videos all the time when I was like
12 13 14 whatever and funny thing is I
didn't realize that I was applied been
uploading Gears of War for so long I've
been uploading gears of war since 2008
and a lot of my viewers are goddamn
adults now they're like 18 19 20 21
years old and tell I go dude your videos
got me through my last few years of high
school and all this other stuff my holy
fuck I feel old you know so I got some
people who feel like you know I don't
deserve everything I've gotten out of
being a Gears of War uploader being a
member of the community and you got some
people who feel as though that you know
I'm well deserving of their adulation
and their appreciation for what I've
done with the community and that's a
mixed reaction that I'm actually I don't
mind having yeah because you guys some
people who I don't want to just classify
them as haters that's really too cliche
nowadays but they are they are haters
there are some people who feel as though
they deserve the viewership and the
attention that I've gotten over here's
of war gears of wars lifespan and it
became apparent to me when I would join
live streams right and this is before I
went on my entire Gears of War II hate
train whatever you know posting on
Twitter and all this other stuff this
was before I started openly announcing
my dislike for Gears of War 3 I will go
to live streams i would type in like oh
what's up or like if I saw something on
the stream that was really cold like oh
snap nice headshot whatever somebody be
like yo exactly you're a faggot get out
of here nobody likes you I'm like oh
okay like I wouldn't leave but I was
like whatever you guys some some live
streams who would actually banned me
banned me from talking I couldn't chat
in the stream anymore which is which is
retarded like I didn't understand that
I'm like dude what the fuck did i do ii
who that's making you so like upset at
me and it was just funny to me like that
was that was when I realized you know
what its community or this aspect of the
community can suck my balls right so I
just started doing my own thing and
that's when Friday Night Fights came
about friday night fights for those who
don't know I was like an open invitation
for teams to come in and play against
each other and I would have them play
for microsoft points you know it will
start off with like 800 microsoft points
for every member of the winning team
right and then if they won like so and
so many games in a row they would all
get 1600 microsoft points a split
amongst each other like every person we
get 1600 microsoft points and and the
best part about all of it was you didn't
have to pay any money to play this you
would play for free and if your team was
even like remotely decent you
walk away with free microsoft points you
could buy minecraft and do whatever the
hell you want it late I don't I don't
understand why people wouldn't wouldn't
want to you know be involved with that
or why you would want to hate on the
person who's doing something for your
community that no one else is doing you
got people who are doing these
tournaments and doing these streams
where you have to donate five dollars
per player on your team to have your
team enter and then when you join the
rules are the rules are garbage the
internet connections garbage you know
the stream constantly shuts down on the
viewers and all this other stuff it was
it was retarded you know and I never
once asked for anything in return never
once I was never really a selfish person
when I came to Gears of War and the
things that I did for the community
whether is whether it was the gears of
war two tournament I didn't ask for an
entry fee for the gears of war two
tournament all I asked was that you guys
showed up and played that was it for the
gears of war 3 f's it was all free civil
wars and civil war open lobbies and
things like that all that stuff was free
I played with all of my viewers for free
there was no fee whatsoever absolutely
no fee there wasn't there was no hidden
agenda behind anything i did with gears
of war it was all just so that the
community can get together and play with
who I would like to think was one of
their favorite YouTube uploaders and
that's me you know I didn't really care
i meanwhile you got these guys who think
that just because they're in a clan or
just because they play game battles or
just because you know they're they're
ranked high up and the king of the hill
leaderboards that they deserve your
respect as a viewer and that's not how
it works it's not how it works that's
not how it's ever worked you know I mean
so it's beyond me I can never really
fathom how how the thought process of a
lot of Gears of War players could be so
negative and self driven
you know what I mean like I'm all about
you getting your money up you know being
a youtube uploader and stuff but when it
gets to the point where you aren't
hating on the next person then that's
when it starts to become a problem you
know but I want to thank everybody who's
actually been watching me over the years
and who has shown their continued
support for my content and who's always
been a supporter ever since the gears of
war two days I highly appreciate that
but let me know what you guys think are
there any uploaders out there that you
feel fall into the category of being a
hater or you know just a negative
representation of the gears of war
community let me know in the comments
section below and I will see you guys in
the next video peace oh and I was really
salty in this game too so click on the
original video in the annotation alright
thanks for watching peace